Deprecate alert color (#1685)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Alert.md

- The `"standard"` variant has been removed. The default variant is now `"outlined"`.
- The default severity is now a new `"none"` value instead of `"success"`.
- The **Alert** will no longer create a [live region](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Guides/Live_regions) by default. It now uses [`role="group"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/group_role) instead of [`role="alert"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles/alert_role).

> - The `color` props is deprecated. Color is based on `severity`.

Reviewer: If we want to align to the wording in docs:
```suggestion
- The `color` prop is deprecated. Color is applied automatically based on `severity`.
```

https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/blob/bc28c80db40bf571269af96b91ff7eb5e69db2cb/apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Radio.md?plain=1#L25
